I think it's time to take a look back at
lesson 2D to see what you've accomplished.
Well, in this lesson we walked you
through the 96Boards.org website.
We showed you where to go to get
instructions and download the necessary
files for Fastboot flashing
a Ubuntu operating system, right?
>> Afterward, we went ahead and
created the path variable to our
Fastboot to make things easier,
along with altering the boot script, so we
can just boot all of the images in one go.
>> Yeah.
That was actually a really cool tip
that we were able to provide to you,
in order to save you some
time in this process.
After that we prepped the board.
Randy kind of showed you
everything you needed to do.
Getting your DIP switches ready,
making sure it's powered off,
everything that should be plugged
in including the micro USB cable.
And we flashed everything over by
executing the script that we modified.
So, I guess now you should be ready to do
all this yourself, and we look forward to
seeing you in later sections so
we can have some fun with this.